[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
I'D RATHER NOT TALK ABOUT IT
[footsteps running]
[all panting]
Come on, let's move it
a little faster. Faster!
[panting]
I don't believe this.
He's trying to kill us!
[Odd panting and groaning]
-[Odd grunts]
-[thud]
[Kiwi sniffing]
-[clicks stopwatch]
-You guys are ridiculous.
You're way too slow.
What a bunch of snails.
Except for you, Odd.
Even a snail runs faster than you!
Since when does the least athletic person
in the world think he's better than I am?
Hey, that's true. Getting a little
carried away, aren't you, Einstein?
[growling]
Don't blame me.
The stopwatch doesn't lie, you guys.
[Jeremy] That was even worse
than the last time.
How do you expect to beat XANA
if all of you don't speed it up?
[shrugs]
You're a real comedian, Einstein.
All you ever do is time us.
Anybody can do that.
One thing is for sure.
If you guys don't get into shape,
you're never gonna get stronger,
and XANA's gonna beat you hands down.
But if you think you want another trainer,
be my guest.
Maybe there's a better…
A better way of getting in shape.
I get it. You're just badly trained.
And if you guys can't keep up,
it's my fault!
[all] Well, yeah.
Okay, fine. I may not be
the best trainer in the world,
but you have to admit
that you don't exactly listen to me.
That's true, too.
Maybe we need
to find someone else, a specialist.
A specialist? You mind telling me
where you expect to find one?
Now, just what do you think
you're doing here?
Can't a man get a little peace and quiet,
even on a Saturday?
Well, it's simple, although you might
think this is a little crazy.
Nothing can surprise me ever
since I orbited the Earth.
Spit it out, Belpois.
Uh… Well, we heard that
you were once a special forces trainer.
That's right, Special Forces, the SIF,
Secret Intervention Force.
[chuckles]
Ah, those were
the good old days.
But that being said,
I'd rather not talk about it.
Would you be willing
to train students, like us, Jim?
Train students?
Yeah, for a kind of commando camp,
like you…
Like your special intervention
thingamajig.
Deal! Meet me at the Red Cross Trail
crossroads at fifteen hundred hours sharp.
Dressed for sports.
You mean like today? Already?
It touches me that students recognize
and want to benefit from my experience
and skill, especially you, Belpois.
I never imagined that anyone
could ever turn you into a man.
A real one.
No, you don't understand. I was talking
about training the others. Not for me.
This training course is for everybody.
Fifteen hundred hours,
and I want you there on time, you hear?
-This will do wonders for you, Jeremy.
-[Yumi laughing]
Now you'll be able to put your stopwatch
away for a little while. All right!
[theme music]
[Jeremy] This is stupid.
I can't do a commando camp.
I've got a ton of things on my plate.
[Yumi] I think you're afraid of sweating.
What if XANA attack while we're training?
Bring your computer with you, that's all.
Don't worry, Jeremy. Jim's commando camp
can't possibly do us any harm, huh?
[Jeremy] With Jim, you never can tell.
I have never seen a weaker pack
of legless slugs in my life!
Fifteen hundred hours sharp does not mean
fifteen hundred zero two
or fifteen zero three.
Oh, we're not gonna split hairs
over a few seconds? My watch--
Your watch doesn't wash with me,
Della Robbia.
I give the orders around here,
so straighten up!
Okay, let's go.
We'll make our way to the combat clearing,
where we'll start in
with some basic training, like pushups!
You know, I wonder if it wasn't
a mistake to recruit Jim.
No, Aelita, it wasn't just a mistake.
It was a huge, colossal mistake!
[Jeremy grunts]
[Jim] Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen.
[all grunting]
[Jim] Hold that fifteen! Hold it!
Hold it I said!
All right. All right,
one, two, three, four, on your feet.
On your feet.
Breathe in. Breathe out. Easy does it.
Easy does it, two, three, four, five.
-[Aelita] Jeremy, are you okay?
-Not really. I feel awful.
Hey, what do you think
you're doing, Belpois?
This is only the beginning.
By the time I'm through with you,
you're gonna be a man, so get up now!
[panting]
Jim, don't you think you're overdoing it?
We want training, not torture.
Wrong again, young lady.
You guys are all participating
in Jim's boot camp,
and that means two things.
You sweat and you don't complain,
unless you want ten extra pushups.
From this moment on, we live and die
together as a group. Got it?
Okay. Okay, no need to get carried away.
You got it, Odd?
[all] Sir, yes, sir!
-Okay, let's move. Three mile run.
-[all groaning]
[military drum beats]
One, two. One, two. One, two.
[all groaning]
Oh, my poor stomach!
I should never have taken seconds
of the tuna casserole
after the beef stroganoff.
Get those knees up,
you soft shelled crabs! Go on.
Hey, Belpois, you couldn't even
outrun a one legged chicken.
[laughs]
Left, right. Left, right. And left, right.
At this rate, we'll need at least a week
to recover from Jim's camp.
It's kinda useless.
Young lady, it's adversity that
creates strength and courage.
And that's the shortest path
to fame and glory.
[Jim] Hup. Hup. Hup. Hup.
-[Odd groaning]
-[thud]
Cut the clowning, Della Robbia.
This is not a circus.
Stern, don't be a wimp.
You've got nothing to be afraid
of except a sore bottom.
Come on, Belpois.
No use hanging there
like a wet sock on a clothesline!
[Odd grunting]
Move it. Get the lead out and crawl.
Faster, you hear?
[Yumi groans]
-[Aelita grunts]
-[Jim] Stones, I said on top of it!
Not bad for the first time.
Right, let's take a little break here,
and then we'll start a new workout.
[theme music]
Hey, you know what, Jim?
We'd love to hear about your past life.
I know that you usually don't
want to talk about it,
but since it's just between us members
of the same commando group.
[clears throat]
Right.
Well, then, listen up.
Exceptionally for you,
I'll give you a quick rundown.
It all began when I completed my training
to be become
a physical education instructor.
I was also a licensed scuba diver.
And that's why
the Marines recruited me
for their Special Forces.
NASA heard of me,
and since I was now
a Special Forces diver,
they had me test
out their space suits under water.
So, after having received
a medal from the President,
I was then appointed
to the Secret Service.
[chuckles]
[ethereal music]
[menacing music]
[Jim] …and believe me, Rosita Banana
didn't just play the accordion.
She was also a heck of a pilot.
When I arrived in Buenos Aires
with my cameras,
her biplane bowled me over.
-[computer beeping]
-[Jeremy] Huh?
[grunts]
Right. Break time is over now.
A quick trot to shake off the rust.
Hup. Hup. Hup. Hup.
[all sighing]
[Jim] Let's go people. Move it out!
-[computer beeping]
-[Jeremy] Activated tower.
We've gotta end this circus right now?
Huh? They're already way ahead of me.
Come on, you can do it, Jeremy.
[all panting]
-[animal snorts]
-[Jim grunts] Huh?
-[boar snorts]
-[all groaning]
[growling]
[Ulrich nervously]
What kind of beast is that?
How about that? A wild pig!
But it's huge! Let's go another way.
Oh, relax! It's nothing.
I handled much worse than this
when I was in Burma.
[grunting]
-[Aelita, Odd, Ulrich and Yumi yelling]
-[Jim yelps and grunts]
[boar squeals and growls]
-[grunting]
-[Jim grunts]
[thud]
[grunts]
[squeals]
-Did you see that?
-XANA!
Hey, listen Jim, be careful.
It isn't a normal animal!
It's not a wild boar.
Right. Like I said,
it's just an overgrown pig, that's all.
Come to Jim, little piglet.
Here, little piggy.
No, I'm telling you Jim,
we'd be much better off
-getting out of here!
-[Aelita] Careful, Jeremy!
-[yelps]
-[boar growling]
Look out, Belpois!
-[Jim grunts]
[thud]
-Jim?
-[boar growling]
Jim, are you all okay?
Yeah. Yeah, sure.
How's the other guy?
[chuckles]
-[grunts]
-[boar growling]
[boar squeals]
Wow! Nice shot.
Hey, Ulrich, you've got a great arm.
[huffs]
I'll create a diversion.
[Yumi] Good thing you've got
fast legs, too. Go!
[huffs]
XANA sent this thing after us.
There's no time to lose.
Get to the computer lab.
Aelita can manage
the virtualization process. Hurry up.
What about you?
I'd better stay here with Jim.
[chuckles deliriously]
And if Ulrich can't join you guys,
then all three of you
are gonna be needed on Lyoko.
Good luck.
Jim! Get up, Jim! I'll help you.
Yes! Mr. President, the mission
has to go on whatever it takes,
even if it costs me my stripes.
[all panting]
This way. It's a short cut.
[boar growling]
[Ulrich panting and gasping]
-[gasps]
-[growling]
[boar growling]
Hey, it's not so hard
with a little training.
[Odd] Come on! You can do it, Yumi!
[groaning]
[squealing]
Jeremy!
I'm okay, but the boar is heading
back your way.
I'm off to join the others.
[hangs up phone]
We have to find a way
to conceal our hiding place.
I'll camouflage it with some branches.
Give me a minute to get my strength back,
and I can help you.
My leg is fine. I'm ready to walk again.
[groans painfully]
No coach, don't move.
I'll take care of it.
[grunts and yelps]
[all panting]
[rustling]
Oh, this is horrible!
I feel completely useless
with this stupid broken leg I got.
Your knee's really swelled up.
You'll need an X-ray to see
whether or not it's broken.
I'm going to have to immobilize it,
or it's gonna hurt even worse.
-[ripping]
-[grunts]
[Yumi pants] We're almost there.
Okay. Just one last sprint.
The factory's not much further.
[both groan]
Pretty good splint there, Belpois.
I haven't seen work
like that in a long time.
You never worked with
the Magyar Commandos, did you?
No, it's just a question of common sense.
An injured joint won't get any worse
if it doesn't move.
Exactly.
You would have made
a good soldier, Belpois.
If only you had a little more muscle.
Maybe you don't know this, Jim,
but the brain is kind of like a muscle,
and that's the one in particular
that I've been exercising the most.
[theme music]
[tense music]
[Yumi panting]
Come on. Every second counts.
[Aelita] I'm on it,
but I'm not as fast as Jeremy.
-[alarm beeping]
-[gasps]
XANA has sent William
and some monsters into the core chamber.
[menacing music]
[groans]
[William] Fire!
[bleeping]
You two get down to the scanner room.
We have to protect the core of Lyoko.
What about the tower?
Guess I'll have to manage that alone.
[Ulrich] No, not alone.
-Old reliable Ulrich is here.
-Ulrich!
I shook off the wild boar,
but it went back into the forest.
I'm afraid it could find Jim and Jeremy.
We'd better not waste any time.
[sniffs]
It's got a funny smell.
Peppermint.
My parents have some in their garden.
Bad news, Jim! Our camouflage is useless.
The boar's sense of smell
is gonna give us away.
It sure will.
There's a good chance of that.
A better than even chance.
We've gotta find a way to hide our scent.
But how?
[Aelita] Are you ready?
Transfer Odd.
Transfer Yumi.
Scanner Odd.
Scanner Yumi.
Virtualization.
[both grunt]
[Aelita] I've already called up
your vehicles.
They'll be standing by for you
in the Celestial Dome. No time to lose.
[Yumi] Got it.
If we had a little caribou poop,
we could cover ourselves with it.
Uh… Did you say "caribou poop"?
Yeah, it's an old Indian trick
I used to use in Quebec
to surprise arsonists in the forest.
Anyway, we're not in Canada,
so that means no caribou poop.
That's good.
No way am I going to smear myself
with any kind of poop.
-On the other hand, I'll be right back.
-Wait!
[hatch mechanisms clatter]
Okay, I've started
the delayed virtualization program.
Where's the activated tower?
In the Forest Sector.
[digital beeping]
[both grunt]
Wow! Valet parking.
That's classy.
[Ulrich grunts]
[Aelita grunts]
-Come on Ulrich, rev it up!
-[engine revs]
[groans]
Okay. Listen, Jim. Take some mint.
Rub it on yourself.
It should be enough to hide our scent.
It's a nauseating odor.
I like it much better
than caribou poop, don't you?
Well, I don't know.
[Odd grunts]
I feel a lot better on this machine
than on Jim's ropes.
[Jeremy] Okay, now all we can do is wait.
We'd better hope that the others manage
to deactivate the tower on Lyoko.
Hey, are you delirious or what, Belpois?
Just daydreaming, Jim.
Why don't you tell me about
when you were in Canada.
Ah! Well, now that is a long story.
[theme music]
[engine roaring]
[tires screeching]
Well, where'd the tower go?
I don't get it.
I must have made a calibration error.
Without Jeremy to guide us,
this won't be easy.
Ulrich, watch out!
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita gasps]
[lasers blasting]
-[unsheathes sword]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita yelps]
[Aelita] Energy field!
-[explosion]
-[Aelita yelps]
Well, anyway, with all these troops
around, the tower can't be that far.
[vehicles zoom]
[mechanical thumping]
[powers up]
[buzzing and crackling]
[lasers blasting]
[William] Attack!
-[footsteps running]
-[both grunting]
[Mantas screech]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd grunts]
[shouting]
Whoa! Beware of falling objects.
[lasers blasting]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Yumi grunts]
[Manta screeches]
Hey, isn't that your boyfriend up there?
He's not my boyfriend.
[Mantas screech]
[grunts]
He's a little clingy
for me anyhow.
And that was when I found out that,
as far back as a century,
-I was a full blooded Indian.
-[boar sniffing]
-[Jim grunts]
-[Jeremy shushes]
[boar sniffing]
[squeals]
It looks like your little trick worked.
Yeah, the mint smells strong
enough now to trick him,
but how much longer will it last?
Well, anyway, one thing
about caribou poop. It lasts a long time.
[engine revving]
[Ulrich] Still nothing.
[Aelita] Alright. We have to go back
to where we started.
The tower has to be there.
[Ulrich] Okay, here we go.
-[Aelita gasps]
-[engine revs]
-[laser blasts]
-[Ulrich screams]
[Aelita gasps]
[Aelita yelps and grunts]
[crash]
[Krabs growl]
[mechanical footsteps]
Energy field!
[grunts]
[mechanical footsteps]
-[groans]
-[unsheathes swords]
[Ulrich grunts and yelps]
[growling]
Holy hogwash! He found us.
What do we do now?
[yelling]
[yells]
[Jeremy] Hey, what are you waiting for?
I'm over here!
-Follow me!
-[Jim] Huh?
That kid doesn't have much muscle,
but he sure is big on guts.
[lasers blasting]
Odd, the first shield layer
is about to give!
We have to do something!
[Odd] I know.
And I've got an idea.
[Yumi] Oh yeah, and what's that?
[screams] Sky diving.
Yahoo!
[groans in disgust]
Attack!
[Manta screeches]
Go get them, guys!
-[lasers blasting]
-[Mantas screeching]
[Odd] Yeah!
[grunts]
-[laser blasts]
-[Odd grunts]
[Odd] Shield!
-[thud]
[explosion]
[Manta screeches]
Yeah!
[slow footsteps]
-[Jeremy grunting and panting]
-[boar growling]
[boar growling]
Oh, no! I better get it right this time!
[growling]
[slam]
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita] Energy field!
Energy field!
-[explosion]
-[grunts]
[Ulrich] Aelita, how are you doing?
[Aelita] Ulrich,
tell me where the tower is. Hurry!
You should be next to it
according to this.
That's impossible.
I can't see it. How come?
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[laser blasts]
[Aelita yelps]
Energy field!
Got it!
XANA's pulled this one on us before.
[tense music]
[boar growling and squealing]
-[heavy thud]
-[Jeremy yelps]
[William grunts]
-[Yumi grunts]
-[William grunts]
[William groans]
[grunts]
[Yumi howls]
That was a volley shot.
It's all over for you.
[Yumi grunts]
-[William grunts]
-[Yumi gasps]
[William grunts and groans]
And I would call that wishful thinking,
William, dear.
[boar huffing]
[boar squealing]
[Jeremy groans]
I promise never to eat pork again!
[huffs and squeals]
Okay, then, you piece of overcooked bacon.
You thought I'd let you off that easy!
[Jeremy grunts]
I'm sorry, Jim, but you never
should have left the cave.
Let me tell you kid, you've got guts,
but if you think
I abandon my men under fire,
you don't know good old Jim.
-[growls]
-[crackling]
[buzzing]
[boar squealing]
Come and get me if you dare!
-[thud]
-[Jim yells]
[boar growls]
[ethereal music]
[Jeremy gasps]
[digital beeping]
[boar growling angrily]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[squeals]
-[boar grunts]
-[Jeremy gasps]
[exhales relieved]
[theme music]
[nods and chuckles]
Hey, you didn't do a return to the past.
Are you sure Jim has forgotten everything?
Just the opposite.
He remembers everything,
and that is the best insurance
that there is.
To him, our wild boar was a crazy
and dangerous animal,
but a completely normal one.
[Aelita, Odd, Ulrich and Yumi] Ah!
Oh, hello there, Jim.
We're glad to see you back
on two feet again.
More like three, huh?
But it isn't too serious.
Just a bad sprain and a nasty bruise.
I'll be good as new in two weeks' time.
For us, it's really a shame.
Just one day of boot camp
for two weeks of recovery.
Oh, don't worry.
That one day was very enlightening for me.
You may not have been up
to the commando level
but you showed great spirit.
You really did.
As soon as I'm back in shape,
I'll organize lots of other
training sessions.
And I hope to see you all there.
[Aelita hesitates] Um…
Not me. I'm booked to the end of the year.
I've got a sleep session.
Honestly Jim, it's too much of a--
A horror…
Too much of an honor.
[Jeremy chuckles] I'll be there.
[all in disbelief] Huh?
I owe you one, Jim.
Excellent, Belpois.
I knew I could count on you, kid.
[chuckles]
I must be dreaming. "I'll be there"?
Wow. You could have come up
with a better answer than that.
"No" for instance,
or "never" or "nein" or "nyet."
You must really like Jim's torture.
[Jim's voice] Let me tell you something,
kid. You've got guts.
[theme music]